what's up guys my name is Suri she runs
with the Petri welcome to another
episode of the creative exchange I have
a very special guest with me today Chris
hi no the first time then I discovered
you I thought your name was like Chris
ha yeah that's how serious says it to
calling Chris ha like no I should teach
Chris ha ha yeah people laughing all the
time yeah but tell the world what you do
who you are where you based yeah so I'm
Canadian I'm from I'm from Toronto
I'm officially I like it's cool to say
it now and it's like to tell people like
I'm also a youtuber now I'm just like
generally been a creator for like a
super long time musician singer
songwriter videographer cinematographer
entrepreneur just like a whole mixed bag
yes huh no p-please so how I met Chris
was you're in now you guys have a name
yes I guess dope squad dope squad dope
squad of Canada so this feature is Peter
Madi
Jesse right am I missing anyone like
Alan okay I don't know there's just like
a Canadian school yeah our little dope
squad I love it I love it so much and so
you guys individually create really cool
creative content on YouTube and so your
channel I would say is more focused
around like the business side of
creativity yeah so like I have an agency
in Canada like I've worked with like
mercedes-benz and like all these other
companies and Crona and things like that
so I kind of wanted to like have a
different take on it cuz I was very
aware that like Peter is like built his
niche and Matti has his niche and I was
like well if I'm a part of this group or
this dope squad or at least being you
know slotted in beside these names
what's what can I do that's different so
I'm gonna bring something to the table
though that from my perspective was
business I was like this is the thing
that I feel like I've done really well
at I've grown an agency worked a really
cool clients and I really want as like a
bigger goal is to help other creatives
out there in the world make a living off
their craft as sustainable living like
longevity where they can go and pursue
what they love and actually make an
income at it that's the bigger message
yeah I mean which is incredible because
I
think so many people now have the power
to make creativity and art just a
straight-up career yeah where I think
previously it was really difficult and
the Internet has done such an amazing
job of helping with that but what have
you found some differences between
working with brands directly with social
media channels so whether it's your
personal YouTube or Instagram yeah
opposed to working as you know on the
agency side of things so maybe it's more
you creating content for the brand
specifically yes what are some of the
differences I think like the first thing
is like your position of power so like
when I was working on the agency side
and trying to get like clients it was a
lot more difficult to like land the job
and you'd have to push harder and you
have to prove yourself and a lot of the
times you would have to shape the
creative based on what they really
wanted so on the social eating with
people yeah so then it becomes like
what's the price at what's the thing
that separates you and the difference
that I find on the social side is that
brands just trust what you want to do
and that's a really like cool position
to be and I think that was the bigger
goal of why I wanted to pursue social
and build a social following is because
I wanted to be able to like here's a
creative idea that I have they're like
yes 100% whereas on the agency side
before and we still do it but I always
felt like I would come to the table bag
this is the idea this is a game changer
this would be amazing they're like I'm
not too sure can you just shoot like
slow-motion b-roll of people smiling and
you're like of course let's do it what
comes into my head have you watch that
show no I'm like one thing you'll learn
about me is like I'm like obsessed with
the office and I have yet to branch out
into any other show for like the last
six years you know what that's okay yeah
that's the only show yeah I've been
watching friends like over and over and
over and I finally finished it for the
fourth time
all ten seasons for the fourth because
it's my classic lunch snack shows the
best and so I just powered through it
and I was like you know what Sarah so
how did you get into music how did
guitar start how did cuz you've seen as
well yes yeah I haven't done it as much
in last a while but we are
planning on hopefully working on a small
ep that's like another story week and
Ellen's yeah after this the the the true
story of it was that I went over to a
friend's place he had bought a guitar we
were both 12 and then he literally was
like hey do you want to start a band I
was like I don't have a guitar as it
will go and get one and I literally went
out the next day and bought a guitar and
we just started playing blink-182 covers
I love that so much I think music starts
with the idea of whether you're in the
crowd watching people play music or you
have friends that are like let's start a
band it starts with that idea then it's
like okay maybe I should actually learn
how to play eighty percent you know and
I've played guitar for forever and I
think what we were talking about last
night was the there's this time when you
realize that music can't be your job
yeah and so you kind of just drop
everything and it's no longer it you
know no longer really becomes a passion
and that makes me so sad because the
music used to be such a big part of my
life so have you kept going with it is
it something that has like kind of came
and gone like what what is music to you
now yeah so I mean like this how it kind
of like came to be it was like I really
wanted to be a full-time musician
singer-songwriter and like it's scoped
from everything from being in like a
rock band and playing bass and playing
keyboards and doing that kind of stuff
to like wanting to write songs and like
I was very inspired by like Jack Johnson
and Jason Mraz and that kind of stuff
and I really wanted to pursue it heavily
I would play bar gigs and like and
everything too like after the bar gig
was done I'd run up to each person be
like hey just wanna let you know that I
have a CD and I would like hustle stuff
super super hard yeah oh man did this
fire and then in Canada which is really
cool and specifically about like Canada
in general and how it supports the arts
is there's a lot of like grant funding
so you can get like ten thousand dollars
to make an album you can get like 25
grand to make a music video so like I
think that's a number one I think that's
a big reason why Canada produces so many
like amazing creative creatives in
general or musicians that's why they
can't just make all these things because
there's an amazing like funding system
yeah and energy and just ways of support
to make things happen and like I had
made that surfing and playing guitar
video it got featured I had this whole
concept wrote up pitches founder
ders and like pitch to try to get a
music video everything from like
reference letters from like all the top
industry people I didn't get the grant
funding and I remember just like I think
I think that was like the moment where I
like it wasn't that I was just
discouraged but I just felt like I had
thrown the dirt on the wall so many
times and tried so hard in it just like
wasn't working and I think I felt like I
put so much into it and then returned
back other than like a great emotional
and like heartfelt response for me it
just was like this isn't gonna be my
career and to face that and just accept
it and be like okay I really gave it a
shot I really like I genuinely tried and
I can look back and be like you know
what at least I won't regret that and I
really feel like I put my best foot
forward and then that point video was
taking off all these other opportunities
and social stuff was happening and like
the you know the chance to build an
agency and like grow it with like my
partner and do all these things were
like that also gave me like create a
creative satisfaction and I was like you
know what let's chase this because I can
build a career with it and I can come
back to music when I'm reinstate our it
wasn't like a fun thing anymore and that
was like I think I had to like channel
that and just be like you know what
right now this is a bit of a poisonous
relationship I'm gonna dip for a second
that's okay yeah and I think there's a
reason why everything happens you know
guitar was my life at one point and I
wanted to be in that famous band and
touring and you know it was just in
during the time you weren't seeing a lot
of like badass chick guitar players so
in my brain I was like I can be that you
know like I have an edge but when it
became not fun for me anymore anymore it
was really weird because that was my
entire life I wanted to do that so
desperately but then I became about the
gear yeah and I was like okay I can make
cool sounds but I'm not learning
anything new yeah what's up with that
that's kind of wack so I moved on and I
found video and it's been amazing and
now I'm trying to circle back a little
bit to it but it's weird when you have
that moment so did you have that moment
also with wakeboarding and surfing or is
that something that you just always do
and it's like a part of you and you
did okay maybe this isn't the most
lucrative thing like career yeah but I
can do it for fun I think the the
evident thing about wake surfing is that
to be like world-class at it you need to
live in Florida and I was like there's
just I I love this but I don't love it
enough to move to move to Florida live
on a lake and like hang out with like
all the dudes that surf all the time and
go to the gym and like for the chance to
potentially only make a living at it if
you were the top three wake surfers and
those people had years and years of
experience of like being great skin
boarders and like other athletes and
other areas so when they came in to wake
surfing and just context for what wake
surfing is for other people who don't
know it's when you make a wave with your
boat you can legitimately surf that wave
with a surfboard without a rope so it
was like a new sport it was like growing
very quickly so in Canada I was able to
like be considered number one like I was
on the top of the podium for all the
contests in Canada when it was like
still very popular in the the excitement
around it as kind of like died in Canada
a little bit but I was like I kind of
always knew like it was evident that was
like I'm never gonna make a career to
this so I can always keep this in that
spot where I enjoyed and spend time on
the boat with my family and like it was
very easy to slot that in as something I
enjoy with my life because I knew that I
I couldn't like monetize it to a level
where I would make a living at it I can
make a few hundred bucks here and there
like teaching lessons and meet cool
people and use it as like a networking
tool but with music I think it's one of
those things where you're like if I just
put things into this all the time and
practice all the time there's maybe a
chance and I would watch people like ed
Sheeran and I would watch people like
Macklemore and I'd be so inspired by
them I was like I always envision myself
on stage with that but I think going
back to what we were talking about there
there's just a moment you're like you
know what other things are working in my
life it's gravitating towards this way
which was like the video social agency
stuff and I was still happy and that's
okay and I think people have to not just
pursue your dreams find your passion
that's something that I think both of us
and our content will always champion yep
but you also have to be on that line of
like being practical
and follow your passions but you have to
there has to be something in your brain
that's like if this isn't working
you have to move on yeah and it doesn't
matter if you're an amazing wank surfer
or an amazing singer/songwriter
sometimes it just doesn't work yeah but
that doesn't mean that you can't find
something that you're still passionate
about that you can make your job yep
like I still get very excited about
making videos and YouTube right now for
me is like this place where I can play
try new things learn and keep getting
better and that's my favorite part about
YouTube specifically right now is that
because it's like a condensed like
close-up on my life I feel like I've
gotten better at speaking I've gotten
better at being a creative in general
because I'm having to pump things out
all the time that your mind is always
like running with like new ideas try
this try that I wanted to become better
at like being a cinematographer and
because of that I feel like YouTube has
made my life better mm-hmm
is there anything that you see with the
agency world that I mean you mentioned
earlier obviously I think companies big
companies brands maybe they're kind of
like living in the past but is there
something in the agency world that you
see that needs to be shaken up that
maybe there's people out there with
little agencies or a little creative
houses what's something that you see
that could maybe like collectively we
should do this better or you know is
there anything on your side of things
yeah I don't think just help push it
forward yeah I think that's a great
question I think it's being realistic
with like what actually works like
there's so many times I feel like I make
a video and you're like I why why did we
make this video and like no one's
answering that bigger question and I
think there's a lot of people in these
like marketing roles and these other
places that they just think they have to
do this rather than trying to like
pioneer or champion something that's
really great and unique and I feel like
a lot of brands and a lot of people and
I think it's rooted in fear they just
don't want to take the risk because they
don't want to lose their jobs and I
think fundamentally there's just a lot
of white noise and garbage being made
all the time and big money being spent
on stuff and I think like that money
could be used to make really great
content that actually converts and
creates sales that gets people excited
and a lot of times people just follow a
recipe Oh
and over and over again where I feel
like the people behind it are just not
excited and I think that's like a
fundamental thing in the agency world
that I wish would get like shaking up a
bit more I think you have an unique
perspective of where you're in those
meetings with those brands and companies
you the only experience I've had with
working with companies is for my youtube
channel yeah for my Instagram or Twitter
or Facebook so they have a degree of
understanding of influence or marketing
and they're smart they're trying to step
out and take risks but with the kind of
the more traditional side of things our
company is now coming to you wanting
help to produce actual content or is it
still about short snackable
advertisements like do you see some of
the shift going towards okay maybe us as
a company needs to actually create a
podcast or create a video series how how
is that like our people about that or is
that still something they don't quite
understand I think the coolest part
about the position we're in right now is
having like an agency and also like a
YouTube channel is that like the results
of the YouTube channel I can now go into
meetings on the agency side and people
are like now I'll actually listen to you
and you're like power right and then you
can make suggestions and then they're
more open to it because there's
obviously a reason why successes happen
in one space and you can leverage that
so I find the to like the agency and
YouTube feed each other really really
well and both will be like on the
YouTube side you can be like I can do a
bigger campaign because I have director
of photography's I had this whole
network that we can tap into to make
professional high quality content and
then vice versa where those people are
really excited that there's almost like
a marketing arm or marketing knowledge
being built into it yeah and a lot of
times that means an audience is built
into it a hundred percent which can be
so powerful yep and that could be the
difference between you getting a job or
not getting the job or to upsell into
something as well or money yeah more
money so having both has actually
provided to be like a really unique
opportunity to to like create
opportunities for other people that
don't have social followings
as well as to bigger scale social
projects and I think that's like one of
my favorite parts are where I'm at right
now that's so cool
because I think a lot of people out
there who have traditional jobs or maybe
own traditional businesses whether it's
the agency side of things or something
that you don't quite see how YouTube or
Instagram or Twitter fits in with their
business yeah as an agency but I think
it can be so beneficial to almost just
use as a case study yeah if you as an
agency can go and build out your
following with really interesting
content and interesting individuals yeah
you're like highlighting or creating
with you can then go and use that as
examples and meetings and use it as
leverage
yeah look this works this is what you
could do my biggest beef with agencies
right now is that there's so many that
claim to be like we can grow your
following we can get huge reach and then
like the people or the CEOs have like 10
followers on Twitter and you're like
there's no way you don't practice what
you preach and if you can't prove it on
your side then why would I as a company
trust you but these people do and
they're they're persuasive and I think
the it's really built on those
relationships and old school
relationship I just want to work with
Tom because we've been working together
for 20 years let's do it who cares about
lose a hundred grand I like Tom and
you're like come on right so I think
there's gonna be like a big shift and
the next little while and I always
believed in social I think it's the most
powerful way of marketing and like it's
such a unique opportunity right now and
I'm glad that everything's moving to
like influence or in social because like
television it's funny I studied radio on
television straight up I will say this
right now firmly it's dead it's dead
it's dead and I think still a lot of
people are using YouTube and thinking
that it's the next like it's a step to
get to traditional media yeah but it's
like we've already arrived I mean you
can make a living on YouTube you can
always do different things but I think
to think TV as the final destination is
so whack because it's on the way down
yeah so I can actually speak to that so
when that surfing and playing guitar
video went viral broadcaster in Europe
reached
and they were like do you want to create
a television show and I was like yes so
I pitched a whole television show to
them we made a pilot it broadcasted like
20 million people across like Europe and
like people in Latvia in all these
places it's nuts and then they greenlit
a whole entire season and we shot like a
whole television show and I remember
like I remember thinking I was like I'm
gonna be so happy when I have this and I
was like surprised when everything was
done that I was like I never got the joy
of seeing it because it wasn't even
being broadcasted in Canada so I
couldn't even like relate to watching it
as like on like television live and I've
actually never been happier than making
content on YouTube and social has been
the place and it's funny because I
thought it was like oh yeah it's the
stepping stone to get to like
traditional media and I just like I
found myself just like really not loving
that space because there was a real
disconnect you had to like promote it
had to be watched at a certain time and
whereas like I'm just I love like the
on-demand this the urgency the community
like YouTube is just like the best man
yeah and with these traditional brands
we've seen MTV and vh1 just die
miserable deaths and at the same time
though the circle I'm in with creators
and even I at one point was like I want
to make this a show and I had those LA
meetings and like the gross corporate
rooms and I have people telling me like
okay so you won't get paid for this a
lot but it's great exposure it's TV I'm
like dude yeah I already have exposure
if you're telling me that it's not even
something that I could make a decent
buck off of yeah
why and it's them taking the creative
control and it's them doing so much of
it and then you just turn into like a
talking head yeah and with MTV it's
really weird because people are still so
adamant about like oh I have a pilot and
I might sell my show to MTV yeah but
it's like no one's gonna see it and it's
such a sad missed opportunity because
MTV has that brand awareness that
extreme awareness where if they made a
pop in YouTube channel five years ago if
then it became
webseries on MTV YouTube channel oh my
god do you know how much they could be
crushing right now yeah but they're
still doing to you because they had all
this like infrastructure and they had
all this money and they're like you're
not too sure about this social thing is
that a fad is it not a fad and you're
just like no it's the future yeah
alright and like the the interesting
thing is like in Canada there was like a
very big broadcaster that isn't you know
as well known anymore but it was called
much television
it was like music on demand television
and watched all the music videos growing
up and I remember right we got we had to
pay as a band to have our video played
on this channel I remember we finished
it and we had to have it converted to
tape so we had to find some guy to put
our digital video on some beta master
tape cost us like 300 bucks sent it in
by mail and then like one day someone
was like hey I think I saw your video on
much and and I was like oh my goodness
but everybody had watched it on YouTube
it was like all there and then we had
posted like oh this is the greatest
where videos being featured on much and
like the vanity plate of it is kind of
cool but it almost felt like paola like
it was like we had to pay to have our
video distribute it to something that
like no one really cared about and like
I think the vanity plate is fine but
it's one of those things that's like
once you're past that like to have it in
your bio cool dip get the vanity plate
and move on and it's I see it all the
time in so many different places in
regards to maybe getting verified on
Instagram yeah that process okay
Instagram is new media you know I see it
as new media but you have the
traditional print the traditional blogs
Mashable all of that stuff I still think
that they're doing cool stuff on social
but I still consider that very much like
old media blogs yeah and stuff in order
to get verified on Instagram you have to
have traditional media I don't like why
is the reason to get verified and new
media to be verified by media that's it
like so backwards yeah you know but yeah
so it's it's an exciting time to be in
the middle of it to be I think on the
right side of
but then I'm always very curious looking
out like Oh what does VRA are doing what
is 360 doing so what are some things
that you're interested right now that
you think is going to be in the next 5
10 years I mean I really think VR is
super cool I just don't think it's hit
like a mass audience yet that like I
think it's mainly because it's just not
that accessible and like to really
experience BR you need the goggles you
need you know the headphones you need to
have this type of content number one I
just don't think there's enough
high-quality content out there that
people are like oh wow like this is
amazing yeah exactly
and they need the writers and they need
the teams behind it I just think they're
really top talent like let's call them
like that the people who move over to
like something like Netflix are the
people who are creating that type of
content they're just not in the VR space
yet so you don't have those like epic
writers and those things that would hook
you emotionally
I think the vanity of like wow VR is
super cool I think it's awesome I think
these are like wearing it though I find
it kind of annoying it's a little
uncomfortable yeah and like I think
there's still like a lot of things they
need to tweak until it feels like it's
like integrated into our society better
I just think it's cool I have a lot of
friends who do VR and they make really
great content and like I just wish that
the world could experience the stuff
that they're doing because I feel like
there's things that they've done that
would hook people into it author name
they're called combo Bravo he's like one
of my best friends growing up and like
they're basically like the top VR
company in Canada now yeah and they like
travel all around the world and they
like the stories they're just like the
best but their content is amazing and
like specifically like one of my
favorite shots that they did is they
went to like the Somalian border like
literally went all the way to Somalia to
a refugee camp and then like put
everybody around in a circle so that you
could see like what life was like there
and I think my ability to empathize with
that situation drastically increased
because of VR and I think that's what
makes that medium so powerful that's
cool and I think that was the same
people who made a video on Wright and
Jenna finding a niche yeah not to become
desensitized the situation talk about
business again but in term
of building a company and meaningful
content I think it goes so far when you
can find a niche and go full-on so their
thing is very obviously PR 360 stuff and
that's probably a part of why they've
found their success yeah well I think
it's super cool that like basically
they're like 26 27 28 like these group
of guys that are basically working on
someone like the most world class like
projects with like Nordstrom and like
massive massive brands were the majority
of the people on the team are in like
their 40s and 50s and like they're the
ones pioneering this and they in like
literally a year they went from like
zero to hero and like in terms of big
projects and big budgets and working
with like the biggest brands and like
that's because they found a niche got
really good at it and just exploded and
like they were doing all the traditional
stuff competing against like music
videos and with other people and it
wasn't until they did something
different that everyone's eyes were on
them and that's like what I think is
really important with like business
specifically is that there's just like I
a teacher said it in school and I just
really loved this it's like we live in a
state of aporia right now with media
nothing's really like fully set the
rules are not in place and in the next
10 years that will be the new like
baseline for everything but because
everything's so new it's moving so
quickly you can grow so fast and become
like I don't want to say like an
overnight success but you can completely
change your life around in a year just
because still nobody knows what's going
on and that means that people are
willing to invest money into things that
is still kind of the unknown yeah so you
have a lot of companies on the flip side
of things who are excited about this new
you know new worlds that they will
embrace it and they'll give you $50,000
to go make a killer VR video yeah
because the return on their investment
could be massive massive right and
that's what I think is so cool is
because there is no like set rule book
or something that's like Oh guaranteed
success but it could be like a massive
success it's kind of fun to just like
constantly keep trying for that spot
it's so cool
going back to music a little bit you
mentioned rapping when you were
lifeguarding yeah that helped you with a
rough
and getting in a routine like creatively
yeah yeah so I was a lifeguard
I like worked in a little small town and
like obviously a very boring job because
you sit and just like watch
did you ever save anyone I saved a dog
isn't that so cute
that's so there's a thing called the
pooch plunge where every year at the end
of the year at the outdoor pool they
would have all the dogs come and I would
have to lifeguard a bunch of dogs and
someone thought it would be fun to throw
their Chihuahua in and I jumped into the
dog filled pool and saved the baby
Chihuahua and the lady didn't even care
I was like here's your Chihuahua she's
like oh cool thanks and I was like she's
a medal it's a dog I jumped into the dog
pool no one else is so dirty girl you
want to go there it was definitely not
pleasant yeah so anyways that was the
extent of my life guarding career in
terms of saving people is actually just
for an animal Jawara but a chihuahua
yeah not just a dog yeah I was like I
basically I just like put my hand I
could have just like put my hand in
English do it so anyways yeah so going
back to like your question specifically
or I guess your comment was that because
I have so much time to sitting there
like hours on end I wonder like utilize
it and the best way possible so I was
like very much into hip-hop still very
much into hip-hop and I just kind of
like realized that I could use these
like little moments to like practice
things in my mind so what I would do is
like I would learn how to try to rap so
I'd have like the lyrics I think and
every time I go back into like the guard
office I'd reread them and then I just
go over and over and over again until I
actually got the entire rap done and
finished from start to finish without
like any mistakes and I think that's
what helped me like realize that like
you'd fall back down like don't give up
just constantly keep going until you've
reached that goal and I think that's
like a fundamental building block to
like where I am now mm-hmm that's
powerful that's cool and you never know
how things will transfer over because
you so you studied radio and television
in college but was there a moment before
that that you were going to go a
different
yeah like who's like my life is just
such a mixed bag of things I think I
just wanted to try so much because I
have so many different interests but
when I was in high school like I had the
grades to pursue engineering and be an
architect and like all these different
things but definitely knew in the back
of my mind I was like I think I'm like
cut out to be a creative and I think I'd
rather like I have a lot more fun making
videos and I like had been doing that
for a long time I like being a
photographer I just didn't really
understand the business side of it so I
think a lot of people just because they
want to be photographers have this idea
that it's very difficult to be
successful so you're always surround
around people everything oh you want to
be a photographer like what else do you
like and like that's that's very that's
powerful because it's like this baseline
thing that no one's really talking about
it makes you feel like you're not like
don't go after it when you if you do it
properly you can actually be a very
successful career and I'm so happy where
I am now but I had the grades to go and
pursue engineering and then I remember
like my dad had told me specifically
that he had like pursued money and he
just wasn't like the most thrilled with
that choice in the long run right and
he's like yeah like there's the money
allows me to live the lifestyle that I
want but because we spent such a
majority of her time in these like these
roles are at her job you know make sure
that you at least enjoy it while you're
on this planet right so we we went to
the school we saw the radio and
televisions arts program he's like do
this hmm I remember like I just got this
like big chill and I was like okay we're
gonna make it work and like even going
into that program I thought I was gonna
be an audio engineer and then year two I
started making videos and I had to like
a youtube comedy troupe page where we
made like a hundred skits of like all
this different stuff and I dressed up as
like Harry Potter and Call of Duty
things and we just tried to do so many
things it's kind of like Smosh a little
bit but anyway we were very inspired by
Smosh and we tried to do that for a
while and then I because I was making
videos and then someone's like oh you
make videos and then like I got my first
paid gig and it just kind of grew from
there and I ended up falling in love
with video and photography even more
that's so cool but that's not something
overlooked over a hundred videos and
those were full-on like skits yeah and
like this what would you script him out
yeah so we get together so it was like
my
three closest friends at school we
called it the LMA show which is like
lmao guys were so funny cracking yeah it
was also the hardest thing to search on
the internet so I feel like the SEO
behind it was just garbage that's why I
don't think it was as successful but
every week we'd get together and then we
would write at like our little cafeteria
over schwre Moe's I think all the time
and then and then we would shoot them at
like a friends house on the weekend and
then we would try to like bulk shoot
them and then we'd put out like two to
three videos a week and we tried so many
strategies to try to like grow it and it
like we'd get 2,000 subscribers over a
couple of months and then eventually we
found into like a routine that worked
and it was growing but no one was happy
anymore
it became like just not fun and
stressful and out and everyone like
literally I think in one month everyone
was like yeah we're done Wow and I just
completely fizzled out did you ever miss
scripted content like that a little bit
like it's fun I mean like there's parts
of it that like making I mean we do it a
little bit from time to time and we
still do scripted content Wow we're like
in our agency roles but it's not the
same as like going and trying to like
exercise like a comedic you know muscle
or anything like that just having fun
and being goofy and like I remember like
those times I would cry laughing like
some those were some of the best times
in my life and like I still have great
times now but I just mean like looking
back on it I can reflect on like like my
body hurting from laughing and other
people didn't think it was funny
but yeah but we learned a lot through
doing that where it was like how to like
put out content consistency consistently
all the time and like business parts
around it and marketing and like that's
the biggest thing as a lot of creatives
are very good at making things but the
marketing aspect and getting it seen is
a very like overlooked part of it I
think that's what discourage there's a
lot of people because they'll value only
the results of what would be considered
the marketing part of the job
you said you opened up for Bobbie Lee at
one point yeah so by the way for some
reason he has been like poppin off
lately yeah he marshals he's like a
Netflix series like yeah I love Bobbie
Lee
anyways so
it was like a few years ago I had like a
mutual friend introduced me to like a
radio DJ that was like starting like a
Sirius XM show it's like a huge fan of
this DJ cuz he went from like
traditional radio into like Sirius XM
and basically we had a meeting with this
guy and he was like hey do you want to
like write skits and like little like
sound bites and produce content for my
radio show and I was like sure so like
that was the thing that I did I was like
the Todd Shapiro show oh I only did it
for a good few months cuz I just really
liked that
what fundamentally was the issue is like
I lived an hour and a half away from the
studio so to go in like daily just like
work didn't work especially when there
was like hope of pay down the line I was
like this is cool experience this is fun
to put on the resume again of being like
I worked for Sirius XM got to meet him
learn a few things from him but I think
it was like I got a text the night
before Bobbie Lee was gonna be on the
show and Todd who was like the radio
host was like hey Bobby's on the show
tomorrow like do you want to write a
song I'll get you to play it right
before Bobby's on right and I was like
sure so like me and my buddy wrote this
song about Justin Bieber's like
deposition because like that was like
really the hot topic right then so then
we like we played it on the radio Bobby
was in the room and he was like crying
laughing and like the room with us and
then like on live radio he was like okay
tomorrow night you're opening up for me
at my sold-out show in Toronto and I was
like pardon he's like ya know you have
to do it and I was like sure so like so
I thought because I came from an
experience of like playing on stage and
singing songs but like playing to an
audience as expecting music is a
drastically different audience that's
like I paid money to laugh I'm not I
don't talk at all during this show and I
just want to laugh and feel good so how
was that
so it was like I don't want to give the
answer away yeah I don't wanna be like
it wasn't that bad but like basically it
was one of the most terrifying
experiences of my life but in a good way
so we like I texted Bobby before he had
like been sleeping the whole time and I
was like I called him I was like hey man
like am I still good to like come and
perform what who is this and I was like
oh it's Chris
you're on a radio show yesterday like
you said I could open up he's sure I'll
give you like three minutes I was like
okay so we like drove all the way to
Toronto and we played this song to an
audience and like there was a few
chuckles but I just remember like
looking into the audience and I know
this is like a podcast I'll try to like
vocalize what then describe what it was
but I remember like singing the song and
there'd be like a few like huh yeah like
like like kind of laughs but I looked at
one man and he was just like the biggest
grin on his face like arms crossed in
front of them just me like shaking his
head back and forth and my heart's just
like pounding I was like I need this to
end right now and then I just remember
like it finished I was like well thanks
guys and everyone was like and then like
the host was like anyways that's Chris
how and Colin cideries everybody up next
we got our next comedian right now and
like I just remember being like so
terrified of that experience but I'm
still glad I went through it but being
on stage in front of like a comedic
audience is oh it's a very humbling
experience
I feel like stand-up comedy is the peak
in in terms of entertainment yeah the
hardest thing yep to do yeah here and
I'm glad I've been through it to like
say that with conviction it was one of
the hardest and stressful moments of my
life but I'm glad I did it yeah yeah oh
my goodness yeah well I'm glad you
survived and you could say is that out
there on the internet anywhere I think
there might have a video of it somewhere
on a hard drive I wish that was like I
some I gave my phone to somebody in the
audience is like can you film this and
like they did just like the worst job so
I have like a horrible video like an
iPhone for like it was just bad boy it's
like low light it looks like garbage but
it's there and it exists and and I have
Bobby Lee's number in my phone so
forever in LA maybe I'll text em no it's
not one dude from your shadow music who
Chris how how what oh my god you mention
iPhone 4 what was the first piece of
equipment that was like I'm gonna make
videos for living or I'm gonna take
pictures for a living
was it an iPhone was it like a Canon t3i
that was my four
camera that I was like this is fun this
could be a thing yeah I mean I want to
answer your question because we both had
the same camera my gosh so my first real
like introduction to content creation
was that around eight or nine years old
I remember I can't remember maybe it was
like a little bit of a ten or something
not important to the story but I want to
keep elaborating was the digital blue
like camera it's what it's called a
digital blue and if you guys are
subscribed to my youtube channel
hopefully you are I made a video titled
my first video camera or something yeah
that's where I took this camera I try to
use it again and it was a mess I had to
like download Windows 95 on my PC with
like VMware and like it barely worked
and so do I think 240p footage it only
like stories to like oh man the most
beautiful pixels you've ever seen yeah
and it shot like 240p in like five
minutes of footage and maybe like a
hundred horses but I used that and like
I actually like would vlog with it and
it's funny like looking back now but I
remember being like hey guys I'm Kris
and we're at the car show today and
we're gonna go look at Lamborghinis and
then I would just like have a montage to
like sum 41 music or something like that
of like Lambo is and like cars and stuff
like that anyway so that was my like and
I would make CKY videos I feel like John
would really like that that's right only
know of CKY because of Jonathan yeah
let's do my podcast but shout out it was
it wasn't even like exciting like I
would jump off of like a small ledge and
like think it was like so like this is
hardcore yeah yeah with like big like
heavy music behind it I think but not
even like people that maybe didn't live
through that MTV phase what was quick
context it's like basically it was like
jackass I was just another version of it
it was called like CKY stands for camp
kill yourself it was just like a bunch
of idiots like doing stupid stuff bam
margera who's like a professional
skateboarder was like the lead of this
and his brother played in that band just
the most disturbing content like I
remember like really looking up on this
Street and Jack look out the window of a
car and they're all like laughing and
they like they like burned a rental car
down one time I was like this isn't why
is my family allowing me to even view
this like looking back now I was yeah I
loved made
did you watch made no what's me so it
was basically where they would teach
they would have a person they say I want
to be in a band I want to play guitar
but I've never played guitar before yeah
so they would have someone on the show
who's a professional guitar or something
from a band they would come in and teach
this person how to play guitar and so
the epic like ending to the story the
arc would be this person has learned how
to play guitar now they're gonna play
their first show and it was so cheesy I
mean it really was if you go back and
look at an episode you're just like how
did I watch this but during the time it
was the first type of content that you
would see someone having a dream and
like you know teaming up with someone
and then making it happen and it was
such a cool show I loved it so much but
I had to watch that in-between like when
I got home from school and when my mom
got groceries because I wasn't allowed
to watch MTV because it had jackass I've
had all of that good times what was your
favorite show growing up favorite show
the office favorite show yes I love like
the weekenders I think so we had Family
Channel
in Canada and I used to like always
watch that all the time like me and
Stevens and yeah but you were talking
about something and I was really hoping
that like through the conversation like
it would spark some sort of story that I
could tell because there's always like
these really weird things but I want to
share the stories that I've never shared
it in any social space but when I share
it this is the exclusive right now you
get to share this so honor so you were
talking about like made and how like
somebody can like you'll teach somebody
the day off and then they'll try to play
in a band or something like that so when
I did those surfing and playing guitar
videos I got reached out by this
Japanese television show and they were
like we have this girl she's a comedian
her name's Emoto she wants to come out
to Canada we're gonna film a segment
you're gonna teach her how to surf and
then she's gonna try to play guitar as
well and I remember like emailing this
guy back being like it's not gonna
happen like it's just I'm straight up
it's not going to happen and
he said in the email quote unquote but a
moto has balanced on top of two balls
before and then I wanted this then I
wanted to say not the same thing but
then he said here's our budget I said
yeah sure probably could work so anyways
like one day so that kept getting pushed
back so like we're coming in August and
I was like cool it's a great time to
come to Canada they're like we're coming
in September things got moved around I
was like still a great time to come to
Canada they're like now we're coming in
October I was like what time in October
cuz it's getting cold now like end of
October and I was like she's gonna need
a wetsuit and it's like freezing and
like most of the days are overcast and
gross or like whatever we're willing to
take the risk so they came over I had to
go to like a scuba place to buy a
wetsuit for this girl she's like the
biggest comedian in all of like Japan
and she has a giant eyebrows a giant
eyebrows on her face
like literally drawn in with like a
pencil right and then I had a translator
there because she didn't speak English
so there's seven people I like organized
to have like a CD with like a so that
another person would drive the CDO and
be able to shoot side angles with like a
camera operator on it so this whole
Japanese team with one translator came
over and they were like today's episode
where you need to shoot this in three
hours you're gonna try to teach her how
to serve three hours three hours and
it's like things exist except own camera
yes so you have to be like you're
sitting on this see do ya and like the
translator would like try to communicate
so this story is amazing I just I'm
gonna go into like all the juicy details
so so we're on the boat it's an overcast
day it's freezing and they're like the
one guy like the directors like speaking
in Japanese saying to like no and then
basically the translators like okay the
first scene is that we're gonna get you
to surf and play guitar
emoto's gonna be on the beach and she's
gonna like be in this schoolgirl outfit
and she's gonna jump up and down when
she sees you go by on the boat while
surfing and playing guitar you're gonna
fall off the surfboard and then swim
into Shore and I was like during this is
this
Chris long hair are they like you have
to commit yeah hair's gonna be blowing
in the wind yeah all this up both sides
oh yeah so so like we drive by and then
I like get off I like throw their guitar
on the boat and then I swim into Shore
and it was like not like a two minute
swimming to shore like it was like a 15
minute swimming to shore so I'm swimming
and then the translators beside being
like she asked you what your name is and
I was like there's no way she like
talked for so long so I was just like my
name is Chris and then she's like she's
jumping up and down and then she like
basically says something else and he
goes she wants you to like go and teach
her to do this so that was the first
scene was me swimming up to this like
girl with massive eyebrows wearing like
a schoolgirls uniform swimming into
Shore for 50 minutes now the second one
I like tried to teach her so this is
where it really gets juicy so try to
teach her for like an hour how to surf
she just couldn't do it it's just like
she didn't have the strength and like
and because of like the barrier it's
very difficult to communicate how to do
things I try to show her like monkey see
monkey do like just follow what I'm
doing so eventually the directors in the
boat I'm in the water with her and we're
both floating there on the surfboard and
he's basically the directors like quotas
Auto something like and like screams out
and then he's like why don't you just
try to serve together so now I'm putting
a moto between my arms put her both her
feet on the surfboard like remember when
you and Ron tried to do like the booster
board thing so I have her in my arms I
scream out to my dad go and then we're
now surfing together I have this
Japanese woman in my arms right and I
just like so then the director screams
out behind the camera corners oh and
then she starts singing at the top of
her lungs a Slipknot song why is like a
heavy metal song and I remember just
like everything stopped in my mind and
then I was like surfing with her in her
arms while she's screaming Slipknot
being like so much had to happen for
this moment to occur like so much
planning and like everything
pika-pika MIT and then we drop the drop
and then she gets back in the boat and
we finish and then I have to sing my a
little part and then the the audio guy
had like put a microphone on the inside
of my wetsuit and then when I took it
off the microphone was broken cuz he
just didn't put it in like the right
plastic bag so they're like we need to
get this segment but we can't reshoot it
cuz we need to go so I went into a
washroom at a restaurant across the
street with the audio recorded and I
played the song hoping that they could
match it he I finished the song in the
washroom
he was uh-huh and left and then they
drove off in the car and I was still in
the restroom after I played the song Oh
Mike so did they air it like how did it
look
apparently it aired in Japan I like
asked for a copy of it they like
couldn't find one to send me so this is
the whole thing with like traditional
television like what anyways that was
like my experience with Japanese
television and it's as like when you
think of Japanese television it kind of
suits it it's like very much one brand
oh my gosh well thank you for sharing
that that was like that was special yeah
it was one of my favorite stories to
like to share like was that that like
you have no contact with this person now
or like the production company right
like the person that was like
representing like the the television
studio who was based out of the States
just like just like left his job and
then like no one introduced and there
was like so it's just like that's the
thing that happened in my life one day
when we all go to Japan maybe we'll see
like a random Chris clips
I really hope someone goes and tries to
find it like please find it amazing
video yeah starts now
so your new goal in life is to find to
find this class yeah because I think the
world deserves to see how man I just I
just remember being like what just
happened and like I remember my dad
being like he took the day off work to
like come and do this yeah it's like
drive the boat and everything and like
anyways I mean what was his take from
all over it's just like you just laugh
just like it is that one of those things
where parents just need to be supportive
of your career and they can't say
anything that can't be like stop
pursuing this because we don't want to
do this anymore
just be like cool that happened and the
Paycheck came in later Wow he sounds
like a cool dad seems like yeah so I
mean what was it like growing up with
your family in Canada were they always I
mean it sounds like he was super
supportive when it came to that college
decision my whole family is like the
best I love them so much and they're the
most supportive and then like I think a
very fundamental reason as to why I
pursue social and pursued like my own
company and did all the stuff is because
literally every single person in my
family was an entrepreneur and like my
grandparents were like the most
inspiring like both of them so my one
grandfather and my grandmother started
like so many multiple companies they
came from Germany Germany and Austria
some German Austrian background and they
came to Canada with like no money
classic story if you like and peril
money you're like this is okay but it's
true so they started multiple businesses
and like one of their big things is like
they used the niche of like being German
in Canada to build a whole German
Network so my grandfather like is the
reason why Oktoberfest exists in Canada
so there's like a photo of my
grandfather in front of like 5,000
people holding a beer stein in one hand
and me wrapped around his arm while I'm
wearing later hosen and that's like
that's a photo that exists in the
basement of his like German dwelling and
then he started a German travel agency
where he bought German Canadians from
around the world for the last fourteen
years of his life so my my grandmother's
been everywhere she's been to like South
Africa like 14 times she's literally
been to almost every single country so
like that's like why it's so inspiring
and like this is a cool story just
because I thought the marketing behind
this was hilarious so his partner was in
German radio and obviously at the time
radio was like the best means of
reaching people especially the German
community it was a German radio stations
of varying age for the Germans listen to
it all the time so my grandfather had a
deal with like the the radio station
where he would like call in
and he like he bought all the seats on
like a plane to Brazil and then he would
play Brazilian music in the background
being like we're in Brazil right now
we're having the best time there's only
two seats left on the plane
call now and literally within a half an
hour would fill up like a whole 747 jet
and like live in Brazil for six months
lassic limited supply thing yeah you
know when it comes to clothes or when it
comes to anything yep
it's much more appealing that it's like
I only have 50 of these shirts yep
and I'm never gonna sell them again so
there's that pants they were she knew
they knew so I mean unfortunately like a
lot of my family members had passed away
when I was younger but I always had the
support so I think mixed with like
having everybody be an entrepreneur
alongside everyone in our family passing
away at like a very early age I think
there was just always like a priority
just like just do what you love while
you're here so that was like a very
fundamental reason why I think I like
started a company and you know wanted to
pursue social media and some capacity
and or being a musician because it was
just always like I think I even at a
young age because of those hardships and
that support I think I just like
believed I could do it that's so cool
and it's awesome to hear that that's the
background of your grandparents and now
you're literally traveling the world
yeah I'm taking pictures and doing the
video which is so cool is that
how has travel played a role in what
you're doing it's like one of the most
important aspects I think number one
like travel to see the world and to
empathize with different living
conditions is a very humbling experience
and to be able to relate to people from
around the world so being on a platform
where you can reach everyone I think
it's almost you know fundamental to have
empathy for different living conditions
and that's why I think travel is so
important as well as like it just
because my grandparents saw so much of
the world and I thought that that's
definitely a thing that you can do I
just I just love it so much and like my
favorite moments and experiences in life
is on a small scale or been like through
travel
that's cool that's the first time that I
ever it was the first like really
eye-opening experience is when I left
the country and luckily my grandparents
were like hey you're in high school you
need to experience stuff we're not gonna
give you money but if you want to go on
a trip yeah we'll pay for like a Europe
trip that's amazing and so the first
time that I ever really traveled
anywhere was to Europe and it was insane
to just see how different people live
yeah and it just opened up kind of like
a spark in me and from their own forward
whenever you know I would work and get a
paycheck I was like all right this is
going towards this trip yes it's gonna
go towards this trip and I had really
cool opportunities come up of going to
like Nicaragua yeah you know when you go
to Central America that's when you see
like oh my gosh yes yeah they're like
being born in the US are being born in
Canada you were I feel like just
starting in a place of so much more I
mean what I feel like privilege is like
an a keyword now but it's true it's like
you have this opportunity and privilege
by being born in certain areas that just
like these people don't have yeah and I
think it is so humbling and so powerful
to be able to like go into different
communities live life with people who
live differently than you and then kind
of bring that perspective back because
it's powerful
yeah well it's very easy to get it
caught up in like the hustle and bustle
I mean you live in like the busiest city
in the world and I live in also a very
busy city and apparently in Canada and a
lot of that like go-go-go-go mentality I
feel like my anxiety diminishes when I
go to like places like Europe and these
other ways like you see a different way
of living that's a valid way of living
and like people subscribe to that I mean
people in Italy you know they don't work
for like nine months or nine weeks you
know like France and Italy there's
periods of a month almost of just like
not working
yes holiday yeah so they're not the
whole like living to work things kind of
like working to live yeah and like
that's how our culture is primed and
like that's a really interesting thing
about North America specifically I mean
this is like a conversation we can delve
into for so
but I think that's why travel is so
important and it plays such a key role
in my life
and it's just fun yeah it really is I
mean it's stressful too like there's
always like the ups and downs of travel
and no one sees the ugly sides everybody
looks at like a safe older Instagram and
there's like oh this looks amazing but
like I can relate cuz I know him and
it's like it's tough because he goes
through a lot of like the things you
don't see too so I think on the side is
like travel travel has both its
positives and negatives but I think the
positives always outweigh the negatives
and it's just it's great yeah being
Canadian and being in essentially
entertainment a creative business was
there any point in it that you were like
oh I have I feel like I might have to
move to the u.s. or anything or was it
kind of the you know big fish and a
smaller pond mentality where it's like
oh my gosh wait there's like a really
big gap here that I can fill and it's
interesting over the past 10 years to
see Hollywood projects now going to
Vancouver and stuff like that so what is
your experience been with that and being
in Canada I think the really cool thing
about the internet specifically is it
almost feels like the borders
disappeared and yes like coming to New
York right now I see the value and like
the opportunities the real connections
and the real networking like face to
face yes those things gonna happen in
the dm's and they can happen in all
those places I like I still
fundamentally believe that like you can
do that but you can still travel to
those spots the Internet has made it
possible to make an impact on a global
scale and also being a Canadian that
lives in Toronto that makes social
content it just really seems like
Toronto's like a hot spot right now and
it's very accessible and I think like
you said it's an opportunity to build it
in this place that you are in and build
a community and network collaborative
space yes I think previously it was
probably you'd have to go to those
places and like I have a lot of friends
who work in music and like they're like
no I'm a singer/songwriter like I have
to go to Nashville and yes to
potentially hit a bigger spectrum you
can do that but I know very successful
people that have never needed to like
leave their house and like a small town
and they still do it yeah so you have
your agents
you with your girlfriend Lizzie it was
also insanely talented but you dropped a
bomb she she just I could hear her
fainting as you said that I was like
what does that sound
I think it's Lizzie fainting I watched I
watched a very helpful video of hers
about just like masking in terms of
making the background a little bit
darker to brighten up your subject so
thanks Lizzie you rock yeah I just me
like the next month it's just give me
like every morning remember that time
sir let's set all those great things
about you guys are so amazing
but you Loki were like yeah we might be
like dropping an album or like writing
something yeah so I mean like the the
the the surface level deeds cuz it's
still being flushed out even on our end
is that a friend of mine he's an amazing
producer he like works with like Shawn
Mendes and like a lot of like the top
people he mixes like he's just
incredible at creating amazing songs
that sound good and also like the
content and the creativity behind them
is amazing so Gabe he's amazing he works
with like a lot of up-and-coming talent
and like he has just a really good ear
for picking out certain artists that are
like he's just like they're gonna
they're gonna make it big so he showed
me this band
I won't tell it's too much about it but
they're like these 16 year old kids I
think they actually almost put like one
direction to shame like they're so good
so he was like can you shoot the music
video and I was like sure here's the
budget he's like I'm paying for it I was
like no no you're not because we're
homies and I can't do that for you
so I was like how about this I'll shoot
the music video because I get along with
you and I really love who you are as a
person if you in return will record a
album for Lizzy and I when we're ready
for that I said down like a clown to
party like Charlie Brown yeah so I think
Lizzy and I were like we're gonna go up
to like the cottage she has a cottage in
like Northern Ontario then we're gonna
go up there we're gonna expend some time
writing it and then when we're ready
make a little acoustic EP and what the
hope is and this is like where I'd like
to take it next year is I'd love to do
like a coffee shop tour like some sort
of like mini tour a road trip through
either the states or like Canada do you
like a mix between like podcasting slash
live performance show where people can
come out and like learn fun tech and
like photography it's like Q&A mixed
with like now we're gonna play a song to
New York 100%
you have to shred and play a solo oh my
gosh see there's something so I'm really
excited about that because she has an
amazing voice like Lizzie sings yeah so
I she's so good like it's like so much
setting how good she is because I feel
like I tried for so long and she's just
naturally good at it right and like if I
sang on this podcast right now people
would be like that was the moment people
stopped listening I doubt it but oh my
gosh I'm so looking forward to that
moment yes I'm so ready for it it's like
a long-term goal but it's something we
really want to do and like it kind of
brings back my passion for music again
and I think we're in the place now we're
like I'm ready to do that again we're
all love it yeah and I think you can
provide a lot to your viewers and people
because I mean the idea of a tour is so
cool yeah and I think it is difficult to
execute when you're like ah what would
you even do but music and the whole
podcast anything now has provided such a
cool just medium to share with people
live I think it's gonna be awesome
so I think does be like a really cool
thing to do and maybe a look like some
maybe the dope squad tour or something I
don't know there could be something
there we'll see well that is exciting
heck yeah well the last question that
will end off on anyone out there who is
trying to pursue a creative career what
is a piece of advice or encouragement or
maybe a saying a quote anything you have
for him I mean you you just like spoke
about the practicality behind it I think
if you want to be a creative in the
world just be conscious of the marketing
and conscious of the business aspects
because if you can learn that and I know
it's boring that it is the reality of it
it's not as fun but if you can like get
that fundamental thing figured out you
will soar you will live a creative life
you will make money you will be
be those things will happen I think just
make sure you have the right engine in
place which i think is marketing in
business and with that in mind don't be
afraid to go and pursue it
don't let hardships stop you yeah thank
ya so where can people find you on the
youtubes on the youtubes I am the Kris
how not just I mean you could look up
Kris how I was like I'm so mad it's like
real turn like Colorado has like that
handle they actually post stuff so you
can take them out
don't buy a house from him it's not the
real Chris house but the reality is I'm
the Kris Allen like all the social
handles that's like all my branding for
everything so if you want to find me
Kris how he will be linked in the
description below of this video of this
podcast wherever you're listening to it
it's on apple-pie cast google play
pocket like where do you listen to
pockets you listen to pot I definitely
listen to podcast what's your back and
forth between like Spotify and then just
the podcast yes yes well guys thank you
so much for tuning in Chris thank you
for being on the creative extreme on a
quick side note I like it's a little
surreal for me to be here because I was
like such a big fan of your content and
like to like be watching you like a year
ago and to be like here like to be like
friends where we taxon like I could like
tear up because I think it's so cool
stuff Thanks it's so cool also just have
a ever evolving group of friends and
network of people who are doing amazing
things that you can have fun you can
hang out but you can also collaborate in
creative ways and I think that's what
makes it so exciting yeah and that it's
rooted in kindness I think that's what
is the glue that keeps us all together
and I think that's like my favorite part
yeah I love that so much well guys stick
around every week every Monday there is
a new podcast Chris thank you so much
for being on it I mean you guys have a
good one
you